---
category: Bob's Taverncast
date: Sun, 11 Apr 2021 14:58:33 -0700
image: https://kjaymiller.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/images//bobstavern_256.jpg
link: https://share.transistor.fm/s/97913c90
slug: bob-s-taverncast-your-taunt-carnage-will-be-televised
title: Your Taunt Carnage will be Televised
---

<p><b>Your Taunt Comp Carnage will be Televised</b></p><em><br />A few things I can think of are to quit rolling so much. Just look for upgrades to you board by either swapping out minions or buffing ones you think might stick around for a while. When there are only 5/6 players left in the lobby don’t take risky plays. Try to maximize your position to eliminate one more player or survive long enough to make it to top 4. Don’t force a comp or tribe. Let the build come to you. Try to better understand solid midrange builds. Taunts are very good for top 4 right now. They rarely finish first but tend to have some staying power in the early game. The comp is pretty easy to assemble right now as well</em><p><strong><br />Topics</strong><br />- Quit rolling so much<br />- Look for upgrades to your board<br />- Try to better understand solid midrange builds.</p><p><strong><br />Is this a Taunt Comp?! Of Course Not<br /></strong><br /></p><p></p><p><br /></p><p><a href="https://twitter.com/AspirantHS/status/1377719776689053696">The Aspirant Hearthstone Series on Twitter</a>Follow Bob’s Tavern</p><p><br />Follow Jay on Twitch<br />Follow Dave on Twitch</p><p><br />Follow Bob’sTavernHS on Twitter</p><p><br />Join in on the Conversation in Discord<br />Join the Bob’s TavernCast Discord Server!<br />Bob’s Taverncast is an Amber Flight Gaming Production. </p><p>⭐ Like and Share the podcast everywhere podcasts can be found<br />- patreon.bobstavern.pub<br />Audio Credits:<br />Guitalele’s Happy Place by Stefan Kartenberg (c) copyright 2017 Licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution (3.0) license. http://dig.ccmixter.org/files/JeffSpeed68/56194 Ft: Kara Square</p><p><br />Bob’s Sound and Gameplay Clips taken from Hearthstone and are the intellectual property of Activision Blizzard.</p><p><br /></p><p><strong><a href="http://patreon.bobstavern.pub" rel="payment" title="★ Support this podcast on Patreon ★">★ Support this podcast on Patreon ★</a></strong></p>